I asked artists on Fiverr to paint my
Warhammer figures in one of the most
difficult color schemes there is oh my
oh my god
this can't be a 40 bucks paint job hey
guys you're watching squid more
miniatures I'm a male and today I've got
a fun project we've seen people do this
before we've seen roomie do it with
musicians we've seen Davey 504 do it
with bass players and we've seen poop I
do it with mixed success my idea with
this one is to ask painters on Fiverr if
they can paint my Warhammer figures but
let's not make it easy for them or one
of my favorite painters is Antonio Pena
and last year for golden demon Antonio
Pena painted an imperial fist war band
for kill team it's kind of unfair what
I'm doing here because these miniatures
they just look way way better than I
think most people can do and yellow is
kind of this color that just everyone
hates but let's do it this is the
inspiration we have and if we go fiber
we have a search for Warhammer that was
the only thing I applied and I mean we
have all different kind of painters hair
brush for hire painter quest dev paints
so let's spend a bit of money let's pay
some people to paint the kill team war
band so the Swedish crown it's like to
get a dollar or euro you just divide it
by 10 so 51 kronor it's about five
dollars yeah you think that's a good one
so I'm using a fake name because I don't
want the people to understand that I am
me and that they will make like a
different level because they understand
what video I'm making so they'll make it
look super fancy I kind of want it to be
true to the price that I'm paying using
the Antonia penny one as like an
inspiration as a reference and they can
get it as close as possible to that
level I don't think anyone's gonna be
able to get it there but let's see what
we get okay here we have dev paint I
will paint your Warhammer 40k and D&D
miniatures for a fair
that sounds fair Oh Papa that sounds
perfect
brush licker this guy is good
Wow okay so this guy I think this guy
might actually be able to pull it off
standard premium Oh bucks come on guys
this sounds kind of good I think 25
bucks 29 days delivery time so here we
have two elbows god damn it
I only thought people had one elbow
saves up for a challenge 10 bucks for a
standard level that's cheap done for ooh
gobbling guy I gotta get this guy he
paints goblins is very scarce
information miniature painting service
prices are listed for single minis I can
happily paint an army and custom basing
please get in contact with me to discuss
your needs and timeframe so for standard
it's 15 bucks that's fair
sanjaya design oh this looks like quite
decent shading actually I'm a passionate
who this guy's passionate miniature
painter that loves to help you get your
minis painted then he has the standard
level $10 again that's sheep like this
these guys are sheep so let's email him
and see if he has one six days delivery
wow that's awesome brush for higher it
has some good stuff I'm kind of excited
about this I'm feeling kind of dirty
though because I'm not using my own name
so people won't know that I am me so we
got some really quick replies here and
brush for Hire seems to be down the
problem is it doesn't have an
intercessor and with everything he asked
me for a hundred and ten bucks and I
asked him for like the standard level
which would be 25 pounds or whatever I
don't think I can do that because as I
mentioned before like this is more than
I make an average for a video from
YouTube adds a thing we're gonna have to
skip on this one and then all of a
sudden the price is like jacked up ten
times brush for higher I'm sorry your
stuff looks awesome I just I can't pay
that much money when the original price
was like thirty bucks
so let's see deaf pains hey just one
intercessor yes we have a guy who can do
it so he picked up an intercessor for
five bucks at his local store and that
seems totally fine if you ask me and the
shipping was let me see fifteen bucks
so guys bad news the paint's canceled on
me because fiber takes 25% of his cut so
let's go to the next one so two elbows
that's the towel guy I'm kind of excited
his price was really good so like if
it's not even close to the level I
requested I think it's fine because 10
bucks for a miniature that's like I
don't know if he assembles the miniature
for that price that's so the shipping
would be like 14 bucks and he has two of
the intercessors so he's gonna use one
of them and then just I'll pay for the
shipping so this guy knows how to do
business so 25 bucks is the final price
with shipping from the US so done for
he seems down that's awesome so done for
he's the goblin guy with growth writing
the squeegee 35 bucks with shipping I
think this is incredibly fair he didn't
boost the price 220 pounds or whatever I
think we'll accept this one so Sanji
design didn't have a miniature we have
okay yes so this is the storm cast guy
so I will send him a model he sent me a
custom offer here and 25 bucks with
shipping we'll accept it then we have
the brush licker
he thinks that the Antonia pen is level
is a bit too high to paint but he agrees
to do it with whatever I pay him he will
do his best within that time frame so 30
bucks and he will order the model for me
20 days delivery for 30 bucks from
serious guy like brush licker and as I
said before like his level this is a
really high level so so let's just take
it 30 bucks so I'll take it we have four
of them my original plan was to kind of
have like six or seven of them the total
price
this so far is like 150 bucks
the guy from the US I'm probably going
to have to pay customs for as well so
I'm thinking this will be somewhere
around 200 bucks big loss it's like for
miniatures for 200 bucks that's a lot of
money so I hope this video goes viral so
I can make the money back
leave a like so the video spreads well
on YouTube that would be awesome
maybe I'll make my money back I think
I'm gonna regret this and because some
of the guys cancelled and some of them
just turned out to be way too expensive
I thought this local guy al hook dig I
used him in a video before he helped me
do like the the water based video and
this guy is a really good painter so I
asked him I even won the games workshop
painting competition he's good I tell
you because I want to have more options
in the video I told him like paint me a
hundred dollar figure and then I sent
him the same reference you can you can't
spend more time than you would normally
just paint what you would if someone
paid you 100 bucks
so I will leave a link this Instagram
page by the way so you can go and follow
him because he's definitely worth
following so I also have another friend
who has a YouTube channel and he's more
like a speed painter and terrain and
scenery building guy so I wrote him an
email asked him to make something for me
he couldn't spend more than like a 40
bucks paint job on it don't spend any
extra time so hopefully he listens to my
requests I also leave a link to his
YouTube channel which you can go check
out where he does like a lot of speed
painting speed building so that's good
if you want to learn how to do that kind
of stuff so we got all the packages
finally some of them took a lot of time
I'm not gonna name any names but brush
Leaguer took about a month extra to get
me my miniature so I had some for like
one and a half month lying
at home and the last one I just got the
other day so a two months video in the
making that's the longest one I've had
so far let's bring out the packages and
see what we get
oh by the way did you know that I have
some really awesome merchandise like
t-shirts and hoodies and sweatshirts
that you can purchase on teespring
do like Donnell did and buy one of these
awesome t-shirts to support this channel
[Music]
don't be mean with anyone of these guys
I think all of them asked for a
incredibly reasonable price and even
though the end price end up being a lot
more expensive than I have had thought
it was not because of painters it was
because of shipping and because the
model costs he kind this is just a fun
social experiment don't be mean Victor
Rodriguez Sanji design so Victor
Rodriguez this is the the storm cast
balista guy moment of truth don't let me
down Victor lost his arm okay so this
one has broken down in transport see if
we can glue it back on first impression
here he actually tried the nonmetallic
metal on this one the sword in the back
it's really good it's to get like a nice
blue color did some nice edge
highlighting and considering how much is
charged and not just edge highlighting
but actually highlighting it with like
the lights the color is a bit more mad
than Antonio Pena's which is totally
fine I think this one is really good
this is impressive Victor but yeah a bit
more orange and a little bit more poppy
yellows with a midnight all in all I
think this is a win good one so this
package is from the UK so this is the
mr. Goblin guy done for let's see when
he's done this guy was actually really
fast with shipping so this one and the
first one I opened super fast shipping I
hope you didn't wipe your ass with this
Wow okay this one is different
so we have a couple of different things
here I think the colors here are not
quite what I asked for it's kind of like
a flat yellow on the wings in the skull
in the chest he painted red instead of
the silver that's on the reference with
his weapon he went with a true metallic
metal which i think is fine because of
the time you spend on it and the price
is really low and also we have some
minor things like dents here
and the yellow is a bit blotchy if you
will it also has like a texture so I
think that he kind of sprayed it with
too much primer locked out the colors
decently I think that's good he didn't
spend as much time to kind of analyze
what colors the reference photos
actually had because this is like a
really matte yellow the saturated yellow
I think this one is okay still for the
price he did a base which I don't think
was included in the price he also added
some Tufts which is a nice touch
so yeah it's still okay in terms of
value for what I paid it's good and
let's compare them in the end so this is
from the guy with two elbows so let's
see if the paint job is as good as the
packaging okay so we have a miniature
here the colors I think he kind of got
what we were looking for and he got like
the orange tones to it in terms of
placing the highlights he kind of missed
the mark here in terms of in the light
that would be hitting the armor isn't
really places where it naturally would
be once again we paid an incredibly low
price so I won't be too picky about that
the one thing that I will be picky about
on the other hand is that the black
lining here is very thick and it's kind
of messy and especially on like the
chest piece it just looks like a big
black blob my main two elbows you have
two elbows you should be able to nail
the black lining it well seriously it's
okay once again in terms of price I
think it's okay I would have liked it to
be a bit more clean the colors I think
it's nice but the placement of the
colors is a bit off in terms of real
realism and reference so we now have
three packages left we have email we
have labels miniatures and we have the
Polish guy the brush sticker okay so
here we have mr. brush liquor this was
the guy that I was most impressed off
with his reference photos and he was
also the guy that told me that like look
that I could probably do that but it
would take me 80 hours the first thing
that strikes me is that he actually
finished the base and did it in the
colors as a reference test
the highlight thing on this one is
pretty much non-existent he I think he
used like a center fill spray and then
just paint the yellow on top of it the
yellow color once again it's a bit too
cold in my taste the original reference
is very orange brownish in terms of the
shading and the highlights are very warm
yellow they're like very poppy fiery
yellow and this one is more matte yellow
kind of like the second one we got I
wonder if they use the same colors the
good thing with the brush liquor one is
that his black lining is very good and
his blocking of colors is very good it's
a very clean paint job so once again I
think in terms of what I paid I got with
this one I got a very good value let's
see the other two so let's start with
the leobens one it's the speed painting
guy and the funny thing with this one is
he said that he would post a video of
him painting this one on his YouTube
page so I will link to that you can page
down below maybe I can include some
footage here if he said send it to me oh
my oh my oh my god this is a really good
this can't be a 40 bucks paint job this
is really nice Wow okay so Frederick's
highlighting here it's very good it gets
points for that
basing I think is the only thing that he
didn't catch exactly the reference
because he used some imperial thing I
don't know what they call these painted
like Nick Rimando style base and also
the shoulder pads he painted them red
and the chest plate to Frederick this
gives you minus points doesn't matter
how clean your paint job is if you've
paint the wrong colors oh my god Freddy
but I think he I think he used contrast
here because look at like the
taggi looks but it looks really good so
and I think this once again is like a
testament to someone who is good at
using the tools he has cuz just check it
this backpack it looks really good even
though it looks like contrast paints it
looks like a real leathery backpack and
with the shoulders he did Imperial fist
stickers inky varnished so it looks like
it really fits with the rest of the
things Armour and the shading as I said
I think that's the best one so far it
looks really good it has a bit more like
a mustard brown rather than the orange
really warm Brown this is the best so
far even though he used red for the
chest plate instead of black forty bucks
for this I would happily pay that this
is awesome so looks like I'll be getting
some help with the next one because
these one look up so the last one or
another lesson I'll show you mine as
well but this is the last one I ordered
this is from email and he wrote me text
message when he finished it who said
yellow it's not my favorite color and I
could kind of understand him because
yellow is a tough color this is kind of
the unfair thing with this test because
it's just super difficult to paint with
yellows but oh my lord oh wow
okay first things first
this is a nice paint job I think email
here is the one that nailed the colors
best he has a really muted style with
his highlighting and this is just
awesome in terms of the colors I think
this one is the closest one to the
reference as well yes more of like the
orange shadows this is nice and in terms
of the basing this is definitely the
best basing out a doubt but then again
this one costs more than twice as much
as the the second best one is the
hundred bucks guy he used slate for the
base things of the base thing got some
weight to it which is nice and I don't
know just this one just has a really
nice look to it so in the end I have
three favorites from this one and as I
said don't be negative towards the other
guys Sanji designed the first one I
opened I think for what I paid this is a
lot of value the colors look nice he's
got a good sense of highlighting using
lights
I could totally recommend this guy in
terms of cleanliness and I mean the 40
bucks guy that lip balm did I'm looking
forward to seeing how he actually did
this with his YouTube video because this
one looks really nice the colors here is
not exactly what I asked for but then
again the price was a bit lower and what
I would have done it for and I really
think the cleanliness here is just
top-notch even paint the radar scope on
the radar thing in terms of the the best
highlighting and the closest colors a
man is definitely the closest and he did
ridiculously clean skull on the chest
plate highlighting the NMM stuff I think
this is a great paint job I really felt
like these three gave me what I asked
for for a reasonable price
and I promise I will show you my version
of the Imperial fist some of you have
probably seen the video that I released
a few weeks back and I will link it in
the upper right corner right now and
yeah this is what I did
I won't grade myself feel free to do
that in the comment section down below
if you feel like I didn't reach the mark
on this one but yeah this is how it
looks
let me know which one you thought was
the best number one two three four five
six or mine number seven and if you like
this type of videos there are plenty of
hobby videos on my youtube channel
anything from painting to just funny
stuff and maybe subscribe if you want to
know whenever I release a new video
every week I release new videos so just
feel free to subscribe if you like that
kind of stuff and if you have any
questions ever about any of the stuff I
use for recording or when I paint I have
it all listed on my website so you can
visit squid marcom for that stuff on
that website they also link all of the
stuff to Amazon associate links so you
can purchase them directly from there
and that will give me a kickback from
Amazon which is super cool a lot of
people have been doing that so I'm super
grateful for that it really helps the
channel keep running but the thing that
absolutely helps to channel the most is
my patreon supporters look at all of
these awesome new patreon supporters
damn it this list is getting long that
are super generous and of course my two
top patron supporters Alvin Ostrom and
Evan Weston so with that said guys have
a great day feel free to check out the
merch and I'll catch you with the next
video bye